{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Do you take walk-ins?
\b0 \
\
Yes, but only upon availability.  If no artists are available at the time you walk in, or if your design will require more time, we can set you up with an appointment.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 How do I set up an appointment?
\b0 \
\
First, you will have to consult an artist about your idea. You can always walk in to speak with someone directly, or you can fill out our \ul online consultation form\ulnone  [link to consultation form] and someone will get back to you. Please note we cannot make appointments or give consultations over the phone.\
\

\b How much will my tattoo cost? / What\'92s your minimum price?
\b0 \
\
Prices are up to the artist\'92s discretion. After a consultation, the artist should be able to give you a quote. Our minimum price is $60 + tax, unless on the hands, feet, face, or neck. Tattoos in those areas start at $100 + tax.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Do you do piercings?
\b0 \
\
We do not offer piercing services at this time, but we highly recommend the folks at \ul Tacoma\'92s Best Piercing\ulnone ! [link to https://www.tacomasbestpiercing.com]\
\

\b Do you accept credit/debit cards?
\b0 \
\
We are a cash only shop, though we do have an ATM on-site.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Do you sell gift certificates?
\b0 \
\
Yes! We offer gift certificates in any denomination. Just ask an artist.\
\

\b How do I take care of my tattoo?
\b0 \
\
}